added unit test documentation and updated docfx docs (#5067)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Contributing/UnitTests.md

# Writing tests for your code

> To ensure MRTK being a stable and reliable toolkit, every feature should come with unit tests and some application in one of the example scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure MRTK being a stable and reliable toolkit, every feature should come with unit tests and sample usage in one of the example scenes.
```

There's two types of tests that can be added for new code

* Edit mode tests
* Play mode tests

## Play mode tests

Play mode tests will be executed in Unity's play mode and should be added into MixedRealityToolkit.Tests > PlaymodeTests. 
To create a new test the following template can be used: (todo: Setup() and teardown should be moved into a base class of mrtk tests)

``` csharp
// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
// Licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE in the project root for license information.

#if !WINDOWS_UWP
// When the .NET scripting backend is enabled and C# projects are built
// Unity doesn't include the the required assemblies (i.e. the ones below).
// Given that the .NET backend is deprecated by Unity at this point it's we have
// to work around this on our end.
using NUnit.Framework;
using UnityEngine.TestTools;
using System.Collections;

namespace Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests
{
    public class ExampleTest : IPrebuildSetup
    {
        public void Setup()
        {
            PlayModeTestUtilities.EnsureTextMeshProEssentials();
        }

>         [TearDown]

Reviewer: I think that TearDown is a nunit concept right - it feels a bit weird seeing a nunit teardown but a unity setup (i.e. Setup doesn't have a corresponding SetUp attribute, I guess cause it doesn't need it)

Author: agree it's a bit weird - @googlan probably knows why it's done that way

Reviewer 2: It looks a bit weird, but these are completely different things in this case. Most tests use NUnit `[Setup]` and `[TearDown]` and don't inherit from `IPrebuildStep`. I think having an empty `[Setup]` method (or calling `TestUtilities.InitializeMixedRealityToolkit(true);` in it) in this example with a comment would help.

Basically `Setup` comes from inheriting from `IPrebuildSetup` and is called before entering play mode (see comment above). This one is Unity-specific extension on top of NUnit.
Method, marked with NUnit `[Setup]` is called before the test, but during the play mode (same with `TearDown`). Both come directly from NUnit runner.

Author: > Thanks for making this! You should check out Lars's PR and update the setup/teardown methods, but otherwise looks good.

thanks Julia! had a look at the PR - i've adjusted the template - now i'm doing the init and destroy of mrtk in the setup and teardown methods as well. i think it makes sense to add lars new utility methods there as well after the PR has been merged. - I would also like to add some more guides / snippets in future for creating certain ux elements - so this is not the final guide yet, just a starting point so there's something available for ppl that haven;t written any tests yet.

        public void ShutdownMrtk()
        {

>             TestUtilities.ShutdownMixedRealityToolkit();

Reviewer: It's also kinda interesting seeing this shutdown of the MRTK object but no corresponding startup of it - I assume that EnsureTextMeshProEssentials is more about ensuring that package's assets exist, but isn't actually setting up the MRTK object in the scene.

Author: i picked a bad example - i'll update this section!

Author: added missing comments to textmesh pro and the teardown and added init of mrtk to that template as well

        }

        #region Tests

        [UnityTest]
        /// the name of this method will be used as test name in the unity test runner
        public IEnumerator TestMyFeature()
        {
            // write your test here
            yield return null;
        }

        #endregion
    }
}

#endif

```

## Edit mode tests

Edit mode tests are executed in Unity's edit mode and can be added in MixedRealityToolkit.Tests > EditModeTests.
To create a new test the following template can be used:

``` csharp
// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
// Licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE in the project root for license information.

using NUnit.Framework;

namespace Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests
{
    class EditModeExampleTest
    {
        [Test]
        /// the name of this method will be used as test name in the unity test runner
        public void TestEditModeExampleFeature()
        {
            
        }
    }
}

```

## MRTK Utility methods

This section shows some of the commonly used code snippets / methods when writing tests for MRTK.

> There's two Utility classes that help with setting up MRTK and testing interactions with components in MRTK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two Utility classes that help with setting up MRTK and testing interactions with components in MRTK
```

* [TestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.TestUtilities)
* [PlayModeTestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.PlayModeTestUtilities) 

> TestUtilities provide the following methods to set up your MRTK scene and gameobjects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestUtilities provide the following methods to set up your MRTK scene and gameobjects:
```

There's two types of tests that can be added for new code

* Edit mode tests
* Play mode tests

## Play mode tests

Play mode tests will be executed in Unity's play mode and should be added into MixedRealityToolkit.Tests > PlaymodeTests. 
To create a new test the following template can be used: (todo: Setup() and teardown should be moved into a base class of mrtk tests)

``` csharp
// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
// Licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE in the project root for license information.

#if !WINDOWS_UWP
// When the .NET scripting backend is enabled and C# projects are built
// Unity doesn't include the the required assemblies (i.e. the ones below).
// Given that the .NET backend is deprecated by Unity at this point it's we have
// to work around this on our end.
using NUnit.Framework;
using UnityEngine.TestTools;
using System.Collections;

namespace Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests
{
    public class ExampleTest : IPrebuildSetup
    {

        // only add this if your test is using a textmeshpro component

>         public void Setup()

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note that this method is executed once, before the test enters play mode. When you run multiple tests in a batch (e.g. 'Run all', this c

using NUnit.Framework;

namespace Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests
{
    class EditModeExampleTest
    {
        [Test]
        /// the name of this method will be used as test name in the unity test runner
        public void TestEditModeExampleFeature()
        {
            
        }
    }
}

```

## MRTK Utility methods

This section shows some of the commonly used code snippets / methods when writing tests for MRTK.

There are two Utility classes that help with setting up MRTK and testing interactions with components in MRTK
* [TestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.TestUtilities)
* [PlayModeTestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.PlayModeTestUtilities) 

TestUtilities provide the following methods to set up your MRTK scene and gameobjects:

``` csharp
/// creates the mrtk gameobject and sets the default profile if passed param is true
TestUtilities.InitializeMixedRealityToolkit()

/// creates an empty scene prior to adding the mrtk gameobject to it
TestUtilities.InitializeMixedRealityToolkitAndCreateScenes();

/// sets the initial playspace transform and camera position
TestUtilities.InitializePlayspace();

> /// destroying previously created mrtk gameobject and playspace

Reviewer 2: Nit: destroys

TestUtilities.ShutdownMixedRealityToolkit();
```

Please refer to the API docs of [TestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.TestUtilities) and [PlayModeTestUtilities](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Tests.PlayModeTestUtilities) for further methods of these util classes as they're extended on a regular basis while new tests get added to MRTK.

## Executing tests locally
The [Unity Test Runner](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/testing-editortestsrunner.html) can be found under Window > General > Test Runner and will show all available MRTK play and edit mode tests. 

## Executing tests on github / CI

> MRTK's CI will build MRTK in all configurations and run all edit and play mode tests. CI can be triggered by posting a comment on the github PR `/azp run mrtk_pr` if the user has sufficient rights. CI runs can be seen in the 'checks' area of the PR. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: 'checks' area  --> 'checks' tab

## Play mode tests

Play mode tests will be executed in Unity's play mode and should be added into MixedRealityToolkit.Tests > PlaymodeTests. 

> To create a new test the following template with the can be used:

Reviewer 2: Nit: with the ?

Author: xD i have no idea how that got in there :D

    public class ExampleTest : IPrebuildSetup
    {

        // this method is called once before we enter play mode and execute any of the tests
        // do any kind of setup here that can't be done in playmode
        public void Setup()
        {
            // eg installing unity packages is only possible in edit mode 
            // so if a test requires TextMeshPro we will need to check for the package before entering play mode
            PlayModeTestUtilities.EnsureTextMeshProEssentials();
        }

>         // do common setup for each of your tests here - this will be called after entering playmode

Reviewer 2: Nit: `will be called for each individual test after entering playmode`
